---
layout: post
title:  "This is one test blog"
date:   2017-07-12 10:15:35 +0800
desc: "The first post"
keywords: "first,blog,easy"
category: 'Blog Test'
tags: [test, blog]
icon: icon-html
published: true
---

## History

### Main article: History of University of Macau

#### Establishment

University level education in Macau goes back to the establishment of Saint Paul's College, in the 16th century. However, the University of Macau's predecessor is the privately owned University of East Asia which was established in 1981. The university started with undergraduate programmes which followed the academic structure of British universities with three years of study. English was the main medium of instruction and the majority of the students were from Hong Kong.[citation needed] The students who came from Hong Kong came from wealthy families and had not been admitted to other universities; the school initially was known for educating such students.[5] In 1984, the first students graduated from and awarded the honorary doctorates for the first time.

### Restructuring

#### Old campus of the University of Macau

In 1988, the Portuguese Macau government entrusted the Macau Foundation to acquire the university. The undergraduate programmes were expanded to four-year programmes which followed the academic structure of Portuguese universities in 1990, while English remained the main medium of instruction. In 1991, a new university charter was put in place, the university became a public university and was renamed the University of Macau The student enrollment rose to about 3,000 and the percentage of local students rose to above 80% just before the Macau's handover. The first master's degree students graduated in 1995 and the first doctoral degree student graduated in 1997.

### Relocation

Wu Yee Sun Library in new campus of the University of Macau
In 2009, the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress adopted a bill which approved the construction of the new campus of University of Macau on Hengqin, Zhuhai, Guangdong and authorized the Macau SAR government over the jurisdiction of the area. Later on, President Hu Jintao officiated the new campus groundbreaking ceremony. In July 2013, the new campus came under the jurisdiction of Macau SAR government. In November 2013, Vice Premier Wang Yang officiated the inauguration of the new campus. In August 2014, the university completed the relocation to the new campus and the 2014/2015 academic year started.[6]

### Mission

UM undertakes as its prime mission the advancement of scholarship and education in the realms of humanities, social sciences, business, law, natural sciences, engineering, health sciences, education and other areas.
Providing higher education in accordance with the University Motto (Humanity, Integrity, Propriety, Wisdom and Sincerity).
Promoting academic research and disseminating knowledge.
Advancing culture, science and technology and promoting Macao's growth.
Cultivating responsible citizens and leaders of high caliber who possess sound moral judgment and the ability of independent thinking necessary to meet the needs of development of Macao and the region. [7]
